feat: add `status_style_option` config (#1)
niqodea/tmux-nested: README.md

set -g @nested_up_recursive_keybind 'M-U'
# status style of inactive tmux
set -g @nested_inactive_status_style 'fg=colour245,bg=colour238'

> # The target style or config option to change. Deafult is 'status-style'
> set -g @nested_inactive_status_style_target 'status-style'

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# The option for the style of the status line
# Set if you rely on something other than the default 'status-style' option for it
set -g @nested_status_style_option 'my-status-style'
```
